---
layout: post
title:  "Malcolm X"
author: jeffery
categories: [ male ]
image: /assets/images/malcolm_x.jpg
comments: false

toc: true
---
<!-- English Section -->
# Malcolm X

## In English: 
This man is seen as one of the many most influential leaders in Black History and many others can agree with me on this one. The one I speak of is a man who was born  May 19, 1925, in Omaha Nebraska once referee to as Malcolm Little but he believed that was a slave name, so he tarnished that last name and became none other than Malcolm X. The thing that stood out with Malcolm X is that he wanted the same the thing that Martin Luther King Jr. wanted but the difference amongst the two is that Martin Luther King Jr. preached for peaceful protest when it came to the movements while Malcolm X called for using the same force for those who opposed the movements so in a simpler term using force by any means necessary to protect themselves and protest.            

Also, he had other teachings such as that the black people are the original people of the world, that the white people are “devils”, and that the demise of the white race is imminent. Also, it is said that He and the Nation of Islam were described as black supremacists themselves 
which were no better than the whites that were oppressing blacks during this time of him being alive then he later left the Nation of Islam. Another thing that stands out about him is his death he was shot and assassinated by a member of the Nation of Islam the say that the reasoning for his death that he and the Nation of Islam had a conflict that later intensified resulting in a disputethat left him dead while speaking in Harlem on February 21, 1965, this is a tragic day in history. Now to conclude the research paper in my opinion Malcolm X is a great influential leader in Black history to the way he contributed and spark people's minds and help give them some guidance to help them along the way in the movements.

### References:
Wikipedia contributors. "Malcolm X."Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia. Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia, 7 Feb. 2021. Web. 9 Feb. 2021.

<!-- Spanish Section -->
## En Espanol:
Este hombre es visto como uno de los muchos líderes más influyentes en la Historia Negra y muchos otros pueden estar de acuerdo conmigo en este. El que hablo es un hombre que nació el 19 de mayo de 1925, en Omaha Nebraska, una vez árbitro como Malcolm Little, pero él creía que era un nombre de esclavo, Así que empañó ese apellido y no se convirtió en otro que Malcolm X. lo que se destacó con Malcolm X es que quería lo mismo que lo que quería Martin Luther King Jr. Pero la diferencia entre los dos es que Marti

Also, he had other teachings such as that the black people are the original people of the world, that the white people are “devils”, and that the demise of the white race is imminent. Also, it is said that He and the Nation of Islam were described as black supremacists themselves which were no better than the whites that were oppressing blacks during this time of him being alive then he later left the Nation of Islam. Otra cosa que destaca sobre él es su muerte fue baleado y asesinado por un miembro de la Nación del Islam decir que el razonamiento para su muerte de que él y la Nación del Islam tuvieron un conflicto que más tarde se intensificó dando como resultado un conflicto que lo dejó Muerto mientras hablaba en Harlem el 21 de febrero de 1965, este es un día trágico en la historia. Ahora para concluir el trabajo de investigación en mi opinión Malcolm X es un gran líder influyente en la historia de Black en la forma en que contribuyó y chispeó las mentes de la gente y les ayudó a darles una guía para ayudarles en el camino en los movimientos.
 
### Referencias:
Wikipedia contributors. "Malcolm X."Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia. Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia, 7 Feb. 2021. Web. 9 Feb. 2021.